docs/cyno-alt.md, before:

# Haulers Guide #
#### A written guide to hauling in EVE Online
<br>  


## Cyno alt
Cyno alts are characters on a second account that are used by Jump Freighter Pilots to light a beacon for their Jump Freighter to jump to.

The Cynosural Field Generator uses Liquid Ozone to work.  Make sure you bring enough with you in your cyno ship as well as in your Jump Freighter so that you're not left stranded and have to fly to some trade station to buy more.

<br>

### Lighting a Cyno

Make sure you're in a fleet with your Jump Freighter pilot.

You can light a Cyno in any low or null sec system, but not in high sec.  
Once the Cyno is lit your character will be locked in place at the beacon for 10 minutes.  
Everyone in the system can see your beacon, which means you're likely to become a target if there's unfriendlies in the system.

In other words: don't use expensive ships.

Although your character will be stuck in space for 10 minutes, I've been told that you can log out and log on a different character to light a new Cyno should you need to. Your character will be left in space for anyone to attack though.

<br>

### Cyno placement

**TODO**

<br>

### Skill plan

The most important thing for a cyno alt is to be able to fly a ship and equip and use a Cynosural Field Generator.  
It can be useful however to be able to jump between clones in different stations which is why I've taken the following skill plan from PushX's wiki.

```
CPU Management V
Cynosural Field Theory I
Cynosural Field Theory II
Cynosural Field Theory III
Cynosural Field Theory IV
Cynosural Field Theory V
Infomorph Psychology I
Infomorph Psychology II
Infomorph Psychology III
Infomorph Psychology IV
Infomorph Synchronizing I
Infomorph Synchronizing II
Infomorph Synchronizing III
Infomorph Synchronizing IV
Cybernetics I
Cybernetics II
Cybernetics III
Cybernetics IV
Cybernetics V
Biology I
Biology II
Biology III
Biology IV
```

<br>

Commit message:

added note about incoming cyno changes

docs/cyno-alt.md, after:

# Haulers Guide #
#### A written guide to hauling in EVE Online
<br>  

---

**NOTE**  
CCP intends to implement changes in september of 2019 which will make it so that Jump Freighters will jump to a covert ops cyno instead.  
[Read the announcement here](https://forums.eveonline.com/t/chaos-era-continues-cyno-update/182197).

---

## Cyno alt
Cyno alts are characters on a second account that are used by Jump Freighter Pilots to light a beacon for their Jump Freighter to jump to.

The Cynosural Field Generator uses Liquid Ozone to work.  Make sure you bring enough with you in your cyno ship as well as in your Jump Freighter so that you're not left stranded and have to fly to some trade station to buy more.

<br>

### Lighting a Cyno

Make sure you're in a fleet with your Jump Freighter pilot.

You can light a Cyno in any low or null sec system, but not in high sec.  
Once the Cyno is lit your character will be locked in place at the beacon for 10 minutes.  
Everyone in the system can see your beacon, which means you're likely to become a target if there's unfriendlies in the system.

In other words: don't use expensive ships.

Although your character will be stuck in space for 10 minutes, I've been told that you can log out and log on a different character to light a new Cyno should you need to. Your character will be left in space for anyone to attack though.

<br>

### Cyno placement

**TODO**

<br>

### Skill plan

The most important thing for a cyno alt is to be able to fly a ship and equip and use a Cynosural Field Generator.  
It can be useful however to be able to jump between clones in different stations which is why I've taken the following skill plan from PushX's wiki.

```
CPU Management V
Cynosural Field Theory I
Cynosural Field Theory II
Cynosural Field Theory III
Cynosural Field Theory IV
Cynosural Field Theory V
Infomorph Psychology I
Infomorph Psychology II
Infomorph Psychology III
Infomorph Psychology IV
Infomorph Synchronizing I
Infomorph Synchronizing II
Infomorph Synchronizing III
Infomorph Synchronizing IV
Cybernetics I
Cybernetics II
Cybernetics III
Cybernetics IV
Cybernetics V
Biology I
Biology II
Biology III
Biology IV
```

<br>
