docs/jump-freighters.md, before:

# Haulers Guide #
#### A written guide to hauling in EVE Online
<br>  

## Jump Freighters
Jump Freighters are the most advanced haulers in the game and take the most time to train into.  
A Jump Freighters don't have to use regular jump gates and can instead jump to any low or null system, within range of their current system, where a **Cynosural Field** (cyno) has been lit.

<br>

### Jump Fuel

Jump Freighters need fuel in the form of isotopes in order to use their jump drives.

Ark uses Helium Isotopes.  
Rhea uses Nitrogen Isotopes.  
Anshar uses Oxygen Isotopes.  
Nomad uses Hydrogen Isotopes.

The amount of fuel needed varies depending on the distance and your pilot's skills. Make sure you have enough with you for the return trip as well.

You can reduce the fuel used by training the **Jump Fuel Conservation** skill.

[Dotlan's Jump Planner](http://evemaps.dotlan.net/jump) tool will show you how much fuel is needed.


<br>

### Jumping
A Jump Freighter can jump FROM any security system and TO any low sec or null sec system in range.
You can not jump into high sec. The last waypoint must always be low or null sec.

When shipping into high sec, you'll jump to the nearest low sec system and slow boat it through the regular jumpgate using a webbing alt while leaving a Cyno beacon lit in the low sec system so that you're able to do an emergency jump back out should you need to.

To actually perform the jump, just right-click on your ship and select **Jump to** followed by the beacon.

To help with planning your route, see [Dotlan's Jump Planner](http://evemaps.dotlan.net/jump) tool.

<br>

### Cyno alt
In order for Jump Freighters to jump to a destination a cyno must have been lit there.  
Because of that, JF pilots make use of a cyno alt that goes to a station in that system in order to light a cyno so that the Jump Freighter can jump directly to a station and dock up.

For mor information about cyno alts, [click here](cyno-alt.md).

<br>

---

**WARNING** Once a cyno is lit the ship being used to light it will be locked into place for 10 minutes and the cyno will be visible for everyone in that system.  
You WILL get blown up often. Do not use an expensive ship. Preferably use your free starting ship.

---


<br>

### Ships

The following Jump Freighters are available in the game:

* Ark (Amarr)
* Rhea (Caldari)
* Anshar (Gallente)
* Nomad (Minmatar)

<br>

### Cargo and EHP
**TODO**

<br>

### Collateral

Jump Freighters are fairly safe to use if you know where to place your Cyno in relation to the station.  
Maximum collateral is therefor pretty much anything you're comfortable losing.

<br>

### Minimum skills

These are the bare minimum skills needed to get into a Jump Freighter.  
This example uses an Amarr character.

```
Spaceship Command IV
Spaceship Command V
Advanced Spaceship Command I
Advanced Spaceship Command II
Advanced Spaceship Command III
Advanced Spaceship Command IV
Advanced Spaceship Command V
Amarr Industrial II
Amarr Industrial III
Amarr Freighter I
Amarr Freighter II
Amarr Freighter III
Amarr Freighter IV
Industry II
Industry III
Industry IV
Industry V
Jump Freighters I
Navigation IV
Navigation V
Warp Drive Operation II
Warp Drive Operation III
Warp Drive Operation IV
Warp Drive Operation V
Science V
Jump Drive Operation I
Jump Drive Operation II
Jump Drive Operation III
Jump Drive Operation IV
Jump Drive Operation V
Jump Drive Calibration I
```

**Total training time**: 98 days, 18 hours, 51 minutes

Commit message:

added note about incoming cyno changes

docs/jump-freighters.md, after:

# Haulers Guide #
#### A written guide to hauling in EVE Online
<br>  

---

**NOTE**  
CCP intends to implement changes in september of 2019 which will make it so that Jump Freighters will jump to a covert ops cyno instead.  
[Read the announcement here](https://forums.eveonline.com/t/chaos-era-continues-cyno-update/182197).

---

## Jump Freighters
Jump Freighters are the most advanced haulers in the game and take the most time to train into.  
A Jump Freighters don't have to use regular jump gates and can instead jump to any low or null system, within range of their current system, where a **Cynosural Field** (cyno) has been lit.

<br>

### Jump Fuel

Jump Freighters need fuel in the form of isotopes in order to use their jump drives.

Ark uses Helium Isotopes.  
Rhea uses Nitrogen Isotopes.  
Anshar uses Oxygen Isotopes.  
Nomad uses Hydrogen Isotopes.

The amount of fuel needed varies depending on the distance and your pilot's skills. Make sure you have enough with you for the return trip as well.

You can reduce the fuel used by training the **Jump Fuel Conservation** skill.

[Dotlan's Jump Planner](http://evemaps.dotlan.net/jump) tool will show you how much fuel is needed.


<br>

### Jumping
A Jump Freighter can jump FROM any security system and TO any low sec or null sec system in range.
You can not jump into high sec. The last waypoint must always be low or null sec.

When shipping into high sec, you'll jump to the nearest low sec system and slow boat it through the regular jumpgate using a webbing alt while leaving a Cyno beacon lit in the low sec system so that you're able to do an emergency jump back out should you need to.

To actually perform the jump, just right-click on your ship and select **Jump to** followed by the beacon.

To help with planning your route, see [Dotlan's Jump Planner](http://evemaps.dotlan.net/jump) tool.

<br>

### Cyno alt
In order for Jump Freighters to jump to a destination a cyno must have been lit there.  
Because of that, JF pilots make use of a cyno alt that goes to a station in that system in order to light a cyno so that the Jump Freighter can jump directly to a station and dock up.

For mor information about cyno alts, [click here](cyno-alt.md).

<br>

---

**WARNING** Once a cyno is lit the ship being used to light it will be locked into place for 10 minutes and the cyno will be visible for everyone in that system.  
You WILL get blown up often. Do not use an expensive ship. Preferably use your free starting ship.

---


<br>

### Ships

The following Jump Freighters are available in the game:

* Ark (Amarr)
* Rhea (Caldari)
* Anshar (Gallente)
* Nomad (Minmatar)

<br>

### Cargo and EHP
**TODO**

<br>

### Collateral

Jump Freighters are fairly safe to use if you know where to place your Cyno in relation to the station.  
Maximum collateral is therefor pretty much anything you're comfortable losing.

<br>

### Minimum skills

These are the bare minimum skills needed to get into a Jump Freighter.  
This example uses an Amarr character.

```
Spaceship Command IV
Spaceship Command V
Advanced Spaceship Command I
Advanced Spaceship Command II
Advanced Spaceship Command III
Advanced Spaceship Command IV
Advanced Spaceship Command V
Amarr Industrial II
Amarr Industrial III
Amarr Freighter I
Amarr Freighter II
Amarr Freighter III
Amarr Freighter IV
Industry II
Industry III
Industry IV
Industry V
Jump Freighters I
Navigation IV
Navigation V
Warp Drive Operation II
Warp Drive Operation III
Warp Drive Operation IV
Warp Drive Operation V
Science V
Jump Drive Operation I
Jump Drive Operation II
Jump Drive Operation III
Jump Drive Operation IV
Jump Drive Operation V
Jump Drive Calibration I
```

**Total training time**: 98 days, 18 hours, 51 minutes
